I
you have a favorite part of this game I
mean it's huge world what do you like to
explore the best oh wow we have oh boy I
wanted to say something that's kind of
spoiler those are there are a couple of
situations I like them because there are
a couple of locations that go a little
bit crazy with the wind because of some
other situations which I cannot spoil
but anyway there are a couple of of
quests in the game that get a little bit
crazy but definitely okay one of the
things I absolutely love is the visuals
the graphic they look amazing I mean
this is the rendering the programmers
did a tremendous job with with the
graphical aspect of the game and it
everything looks really tremendous and
the quest again at the risk of repeating
myself the quests are genuinely
interesting you can when you have these
conversations you keep going and you
talk to villagers there's a lot of this
more strategical kind of approach sort
of like you helped a village because
then you have a sense they're going to
help you out later in the game and all
these actually CD Projekt is known for
this that to do this kind of choice and
consequence system in a very very heavy
way I mean your choice you really do
feel the consequences of your choices
later on in the game so it's it's a cool
game it's really hard to narrow down
like one specific thing which I love
it's just a combination of so many
things well but yeah I mean it's just
way too many things a lot to love
there's a lot to love them what do you
think it is about just protagonist that
has captivated gamers now for three
games oh he's a cool guy you know it's
got a nice beer then you know does no I
don't know I it's I often say that he's
funny in this weird kind of way because
he gets caught he doesn't really want to
get mixed up in these political
conflicts and so on but because he's a
witch and he's powerful and so on so he
is like a asset to everybody everybody
wants to use him so he ends up getting
caught in these complications but it
doesn't really want to he wants just
stay out of it is actually this time
around on this game is on a little bit
personal quest so he's actually
deliberately trying to stay out of
conflict and and he's just this
generally laid-back guy who know doesn't
want to get in trouble but ends up
getting in trouble anyway and then out
of the blue he makes these relatively
funny comments which catch you very
unprepared because you seems like very
serious throaty low voice character and
then it suddenly tells a joke which is
with like what's I don't it doesn't even
make sense that he's selling a joke and
then you it's very own expertise a cool
it's a cool character is actually a cool
character to follow